chore: use plugin rather than plug-in (#2517)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/creating-a-telemetry-plugin.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
:description: Creating a telemetry plugin
:keywords: extensions, telemetry
:navtitle: Creating a telemetry plugin

> :page-aliases: extensions:creating-a-telemetry-plugin.adoc

Author: ```suggestion
:page-aliases: extensions:creating-a-telemetry-plug-in.adoc
```

.Verification steps

> . Verify that the `telemetry-plugin` container is running in the {devworkspace} pod. Here, this is verified by checking the Workspace view within the editor.

Reviewer: Is the container name an arbitrary name or as specified by the devs?

Author: yes

> . Verify that the `telemetry-plugin` container is running in the {devworkspace} pod. Here, this is verified by checking the Workspace view within the editor.

Author: ```suggestion
. Verify that the telemetry plugin container is running in the {devworkspace} pod. Here, this is verified by checking the Workspace view within the editor.
```
